---
title: The beauty of Vue.js
description: Vue.js, just another framework. Or not... ? Well, I'll be honest, it is just another framework, but it's a really good one. Let me tell you why I think it's the best approach to web projects in 2024.
createdAt: 2024-04-15
cover: profile/oylys1q22znhyuwhg6zc
categories:
  - tech
---

::WrapText

<h2 class="font-theme mb-6 text-3xl font-bold tracking-wide">
  First of all, about the others & no hate
</h2>

<p class="mb-6">
  In the past <span class="font-bold">I've worked with Angular, React, and Vue</span>. I've also worked with other frameworks and libraries. I don't hate on any of them. But Vue.js is the one that I like the most.
</p>
<p class="">
  Also keep in mind while reading this article that I want to make a point about Vue.js.
</p>

<InlineQuote>If a project would come up with a team that is used to work with React, I would not hesitate to work with React.</InlineQuote>

<p>
  If a project would come up with a team that is used to work with React, I would not hesitate to work with React. The same goes for Angular. In the end, it's all about the team and the project. The framework or library is just a tool. I also won't make comparisons between Vue.js, React, or Angular. I just want to tell you why I like Vue.js.
</p>
<p>
  You can write good (or bad 🙃) code in any framework or library.
</p>

::

::WrapText

<h2 class="font-theme mb-6 text-3xl font-bold tracking-wide">
  Syntax that just makes sense
</h2>

<p>
 Whenever I start working on a project with Vue. Some things just make sense to me:
</p>

<h3>1. A variable</h3>

```ts
const data = ref<string>('Hello, Vue.js')
```

::

::WrapText

<h2 class="font-theme mb-6 text-3xl font-bold tracking-wide">
  Vue.js stayed the same
</h2>
<p class="mb-6">
  Vue.js has been around for a while now. It has been stable and has not changed much. This is a good thing. It means that you can start a project today and still be able to maintain it in 5 years. This is not the case with all frameworks and libraries.
</p>

::InlineQuote
Whenever you stumbled on a problem, there was always the option API. This made development with Vue.js really quick while learning the new API.
::

<p>
  The latest big change was the introduction of the Composition API, back in 2020. This big (optional) change was a good one. It made Vue.js so much more flexible, that the change felt very natural.
</p>

<p>
  Whenever you stumbled on a problem, there was always the option API. From there on, you could refactor your code to the Composition API. This made development with Vue.js really quick while learning the new API. Looking back this was a good move. At the time it felt like a dangerous thing to support two APIs. But it worked out really well.
</p>
::

::WrapText

<h2 class="font-theme mb-6 text-3xl font-bold tracking-wide">
  Nuxt. Is. Awesome.
</h2>
<p>
In my opinion Nuxt.js proves my point. The Vue framework provides a solid and stable base.
</p>
::

::WrapText

<h2 class="font-theme mb-6 text-3xl font-bold tracking-wide">

</h2>
::
